the best way to use WordPress WordPress
is an amazing resource millions of
people all over the world use it to
create build out and manage their
personal or even professional websites
in fact as of 2022 there are more than
455 million websites hosted on WordPress
but one amazing way to take your site to
the next level your party you know at
least a little about SEO but there's a
way you can even take things even
further and fully optimize your website
so it performs better with search
engines it's called all-in-one SEO and
it's one of the best plugins you can
install for your WordPress site here's
how it can help your website feature
number one set custom SEO titles and
meta descriptions you can control SEO
settings on a per page basis set SEO
title and meta tag manually you can
preview how it looks in search results
on either desktop or mobile with
advanced settings you can also set up a
canonical URL include other meta tags
and configure additional settings now
when you're optimizing your meta
description tab type keep in mind you
want to include keywords you want to do
a search on Google for the terms you
want to rank for and see what other
people are using for both the title and
description because they'll give you
ideas with your title short and to the
point is better than using up all the
characters we found that shorter title
tags under 50 characters tend to get
more clicks compared to using longer
ones in many cases we even find ones
that are under 40 characters perform
better and with your meta description
make sure it's compelling so people want
to click through and read the rest
feature number two on-page optimization
simply enter a Focus key phrase and the
plugin will make sure your content has
been properly optimized evaluating
keywords in your title meta description
URLs intros subheadings and even more it
also checks content length internal
external links title tag length and
other essential SEO factors feature
three readability analysis remember
Google's factors in how useful and
user-friendly your content is all-in-one
SEO checks images and visuals paragraph
and sentence like passive voice usage
transition word and repetition
feature four customize search result
appearance take full control of what
your posts and Pages look like in search
engines this is super important because
the last thing you want to do is write
this masterpiece but then have your post
look terrible in the search engine
results page now if you need help with
your blogs SEO check out my Ad Agency MP
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it
thank you for watching